# Covey.Town
In the landing page, if you do not have an account, you need to sign up first. By finishing all the required fields (a red * in the right corner), you will go to the town selection/creation page and you can see your username in the original username selection field. If you do something wrong while signing up, like missing some required fields or entering different passwords in the password and re-enter password fields, or you enter a username that is already in the database (username must be unique), you will get a toast explaining the error. Once you have an account, you can sign in directly using your username and password, and if successful, you will go to the town selection/creation page like before, otherwise you will get an error. In the next page, you can see a pink button which you can use to change your account information. Username cannot be changed, and you must re-enter your password, just like the sign-up page. Once you are done, you can click ‘save’ to save your profile or ‘cancel’ to undo the changes.
After logging in, you can choose any public room at the bottom of the page and click the ‘connect’ button to join. All rooms created will be displayed in this list.

Another feature that we have brought up was to regulate the town by introducing the roles of creator, administrator, and (common) players in a town. To specify, after the user creates a new town, he will be the creator. Following are different scenes of how each role uses our new features.
- When there are other players joining the town, the creator is able to assign any one of the other players to be the administrators of town, while other players are left as common players. In the map page, the creator will see four more newly implemented fields presenting “You are the town creator”, “Players List”, “Admin List”, and “Blocker List”. Only the creator will be able to see the button of “Assign administrator” or “Bloc player”. By clicking the “Assign Administrator” button, the player specified would be administrator of the town. By clicking the “Assign Administrator” button, the player would be blocked from entering the town again. The creator is also able to un-assign admin and un-block players afterwards.
- For an administrator, he/she will be able to see the list of current players in town and a blocker list (i.e. common players that are under the blocking list). An administrator is given the power to block a player or release a player from the blocked list. Administrator has its own restriction, that is it cannot block the creator of the town.
- For a common player, he would just see the map but no players list or blocker list. Once a common player is blocked, he will be directly kicked out from the town. Even if he tries to connect the town again, he would be notified with a rejection toast when clicking the button of “Connect” on the home page unless creator or administrator remove him from the block list.
